feat(curriculum): add Block 12 of the B1 stage of the English Curriculum (#59112)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/24-b1-english-for-developers/learn-how-to-express-concerns/67caf8354f5a73e414bf0fd6.md

---
id: 67caf8354f5a73e414bf0fd6
title: Task 133
challengeType: 19
dashedName: task-133
---

<!-- (Audio) Maria: It'd be helpful if we had more regular check-ins. -->

<!-- SPEAKING -->

# --instructions--

Listen to the audio and answer the question below.  

# --questions--

## --text--

What could Bob say to agree that this is an idea that probably works?  

## --answers--

`Let's not talk about this anymore.`

### --feedback--

This avoids the discussion instead of agreeing with Maria.  

---

`That makes sense.`

## --video-solution--

2  

# --explanation--

`To make sense` means that something is logical and reasonable. When you say `That makes sense.`, you mean that you agrees that something is a good or valid idea. For example:

> - **Person A:** `We should start earlier to avoid delays.` - Person A suggests beginning before the arranged time to prevent problems later.
> 
> - **Person B:** `That makes sense.` - Person B agrees that the idea is logical and should work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Person 1: `We should start earlier to avoid delays.` - This person suggests beginning before the arranged time to prevent problems later.

- Person 2: `That makes sense.` - This person agrees that the idea is logical and should work.
```
